# CS300
This course taught us of different data models such as Binary Trees, Hash Tables, and Linked lists, and how to apply them to real world scenarios. Data structures are incredibly important to understand because their strengths can be leveraged to create a much more efficient and all around solid program. Whereas their weaknesses can cause for a program to be laggy, inconsistent and sometimes unusable if the wrong structure is applied. Through heavy research I was able to learn each of the strenths and weaknesses of each of the three structures, through this research I was able to overcome any roadblock that found its way in my path. Starting simple, and not trying to reinvent the wheel was a great starting place for my code, often times official research papers on data structures would show a basic code block of how it should look. I would start there and build on it as the complexity of the project grew. 
Before this class, I never really thought of data structures and how to be efficient with them. Throughout this class, one thing that really stuck out to me was Big-O notation and how it can be applied to software design, it's analytical ability can define the efficiency of a project. Overall, this project has really taught me the importance of practice and patience. I certainly get annoyed when my first (second, third...) attempt at a problem fails and I have to go back to the drawing board. With this class I was able to consitently practice and create well-functioning programs, and even develop a "prototype" function to begin with for a nice starting place to hop into. 
